capital = 613

oob = "PRC_1936"
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		set_naval_oob = "CHI_1936_naval_mtg"
	else = {
		set_naval_oob = "CHI_1936_naval_legacy"
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
		set_air_oob = "CHI_1936_air_bba"
	else = {
		set_air_oob = "CHI_1936_air_legacy"
		set_technology = {
			early_fighter = 1
			early_bomber = 1
		}
	}
}
# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	mass_assault = 1
}
set_stability = 0.6
set_war_support = 0.7

recruit_character = PRC_Song_Qing_Ling
recruit_character = PRC_mao_zedong
recruit_character = PRC_zhu_de
recruit_character = PRC_chen_yi
recruit_character = PRC_peng_dehuai
recruit_character = PRC_lin_biao
recruit_character = PRC_kwong_hu
recruit_character = PRC_luo_zhao
recruit_character = PRC_liang_ma
recruit_character = PRC_ma_jin
recruit_character = PRC_ziao_jingguang
recruit_character = PRC_nie_rongzhen
recruit_character = PRC_su_yu
recruit_character = PRC_liu_bocheng
recruit_character = PRC_chen_geng
recruit_character = PRC_gao_qiu
recruit_character = PRC_liang_shen
recruit_character = PRC_otto_braun
recruit_character = PRC_gao_gang
recruit_character = PRC_fang_zeyi
recruit_character = PRC_xu_xiangqian
recruit_character = PRC_deng_ye_peng
recruit_character = PRC_ye_jianying
recruit_character = PRC_hsia_tian
recruit_character = PRC_zhang_wei
recruit_character = PRC_zhou_enlai
recruit_character = PRC_liu_shaoqi
recruit_character = PRC_lin_bojiu
recruit_character = PRC_dong_biwu
recruit_character = PRC_he_yuandang
recruit_character = PRC_Nie_Yuanzi
recruit_character = PRC_Gada_Meiren

save_global_event_target_as = WTT_communist_china


set_technology = {
		tech_mountaineers = 1
		#doctrines
		air_superiority = 1
		pocket_defence = 1
		defence_in_depth = 1

		#electronics
		electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
		radio = 1
		radio_detection = 1
		mechanical_computing = 1
		computing_machine = 1
		basic_encryption = 1
		basic_decryption = 1

		#industry
		basic_machine_tools = 1
		improved_machine_tools = 1
		advanced_machine_tools = 1
		fuel_silos = 1
		fuel_refining = 1
		construction1 = 1
		construction2 = 1
		construction3 = 1
		concentrated_industry = 1
		concentrated_industry2 = 1
		concentrated_industry3 = 1
	}
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = communism
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
    anarchism = 20
	communism = 50
	vanguard_socialism = 3
	revisionist_socialism = 10
	progressivism = 12
	democratic = 5
}

add_ideas = {
	closed_economy
	service_by_requirement
	partial_economic_mobilisation
}


